input conflicts: for dodge player must press space too so holding A,S,D keys dont cause any movement issues it will work fine player will move as it is but while moving left lets say player can press D for 0.1 second and press space to dodge right so inputs are not in conflicts due to space key is needed. so player holding D key to move right and keep moving to right as long as not pressing space key.

mouse delta blocking: it only need small movement when player tightly move the mouse to the left than player block the attacks comes from left and then if player moves mouse right slightly then player block stance change to right side and start to block attacks comes from right. there is a tiny transition timing that player cant block attacks while in that transition times. if player wants to block front player can move mouse to the up. keep in mind that we removed camera movement with mouse and lock the camera so player cna perform these blocking actions freely. I will add visuals later but yes both enemy attacks clearly showed attacks comming where and player block where.

visual communication: with glowing areas player will know the weak side of enemy. we may incrase the timing windows lter. yes left center of the screen add arrows for counter attacks that cyan color when player performed 3 counter attack then there are 3 cyan arrows. when enemy hit the player (blocked attacks dont count) arrows color turns to red that showing next hit will break the counts.

auto lock-on issues: our game is 1v1 boss rush game so we dont have more enemies other than 1 and player cant break lock this is arena based game player must die or kill in the arena, camera should always lock to the enemy and character always face to the enemy (some animations may require look different ways mut after animation finished player return facing to the enemy) dodging consisnt of direction changes of the player in animation camera should have lag and smootly try to center enemy when player dodge.



risk/reward balance: I will make these kind of adjustment with upgrades aor memories so first it should be hard to trigger is intended design for meaningfull rewards, I dont want perfect blocks (parry) in my game. I dont want damage numbers we will clearly shows at health bar of the enemy. player must press LMB to perform weak side attack so dodging to weak side not enough but yes weak side doges could build hack meter faster logic can b eupgrade logic later.

training feedback: we will implement training dummy logic later for now just make a dummy that take damage and plays response animations. we may show damage numbers below the health bar like elden ring the last damage dealed to the target.

phase transitions: after phase transitions happens with finisher animation and waiting logic on AI and waiting logic on player it self to force player wait the enemy get up but after phase transition both enemy and player health reset to 100 so cheap deaths not possible. 

animation notifies: all  of your recomendations seems good for notifies but we may need more in later I am not sure for now.

input buffer: how long it should be in eldenring ?

enemy patterns: enemy AI logic will be determined later.

damage scaling: for now arena progression only affects to phase number of enemy later we will ad dmore logic to it for difficulty.